## Adding a Cloud Integration

The mechanism to establish trust between Wavefront and AWS requires sharing an external ID between the two services. The
external ID can be generated by Wavefront or by your company. The source of the external ID affects how you set up the
integration. If you use an external ID generated by Wavefront you can set up all integration types at once. If you want
to use an external ID generated by your company you must set up each integration separately.

In summary, the integration options are:

- Set up Amazon Account - Integrate CloudWatch, Cloudtrail, and EC2 data. Choose this option if:
    - You are an administrator for your company's AWS account.
    - You want to integrate CloudWatch, CloudTrail, and EC2 data into Wavefront at the same time.
    - You can use an external ID generated by Wavefront.
    - You want Wavefront to automatically install AWS dashboards: Overall, EBS Storage, Instance Storage, Network, and Billing.
- Register [CloudWatch | CloudTrail | EC2] - Integrate each type of data individually. Choose this option if:
    - You are not an administrator for your company's AWS account, but will be gathering required information from an administrator.
    - You want to integrate CloudWatch, CloudTrail, and EC2 data into Wavefront, but not at the same time.
    - You want to use a custom external ID generated by your company.
    - You can manually install AWS dashboards.  For more information, contact support@wavefront.com.

## Granting Wavefront Read-only Access to your Amazon Account

Regardless of the integration type you choose, you must first grant Wavefront read-only access to your Amazon account.
The Wavefront wizard instructs you to run the Amazon Create New Role wizard where you provide a Wavefront
account and external ID. In the External ID field, enter the wave<3-digit number> generated in the Set up Amazon Account
wizard or a custom external ID created by your company. The external ID generated by the Set up Amazon Account wizard
changes each time you run the wizard. In the Amazon Create New Role wizard Review screen, copy the Role ARN.
